feat/docker bitcoind regest mode (#60)
gonative-cc/relayer: contrib/MockBitcoind.md

# Run bitcoind regtest node 

## Create bitcoind node 
Create a new bitcoind node with snapshot data 

```bash

> make create-bitcoind

Reviewer: upate according to Makefile updates

Author: Done!

# Run bitcoind regtest node

## Create bitcoind node

Create a new bitcoind node with snapshot data

```bash
make create-bitcoind
```

## Stop bitcoind node

```bash
make stop-bitcoind
```

## Start bitcoind node

> You can start bitcoind node again. This command will keep any state you change on bitcoind node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can start bitcoind node again. This command will keep any state changes on the bitcoind node.
```

## Restart bitcoind node

> Restart bitcoind will create node with snapshot data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Restarting bitcoind will create node with a snapshot data.
```
